Danny's Files
Welcome to the screen saver program instructions.
This program's purpose is to set a screen saver for the user's computer with the
user's desired settings such as the speed of the animations, length of execution
time, and password settings.

MAIN MENU:
In the main menu, the user will be offered 4 options that can be chosen 
by pressing either; '1', '2', '3', or '4'.
Pressing '1' (Set screen saver) will direct the user to answer questions, 
required to set their desired screensaver.

Pressing '2' (Set password) will direct the user to set a new password that 
they desire.

Pressing '3' (Instructions) will explain how to use this screensaver program.

Pressing '4' (Exit) will greet off the user and end the program.
The user may only press either; '1', '2', '3', or '4'. Any other keys are
errortrapped.
The description and explanation of each option will now be explained.

SET SCREENSAVER OPTION: 
In this option, the user will have to answer questions that will set the 
settings of the screensaver.
 
   Question #1: "Please choose a screen saver:"
Here, the user will have 5 options that correspond to different screen saver 
styles. 
Allowed inputs: '1', '2', '3', '4', or '5'.

   Question #2: Would you like to preview this screen saver?"
If the user chooses to preview the screen saver, a short preview of the screen 
saver will be shown. After the preview, the program will return back to 
question #1, in case the user does not like the screen saver.
Allowed inputs: 'y' or 'n'.

   Question #3: "Please input the speed of the animations:"
Here, the user will set the speed of the animation. The larger the integer, the 
slower the animations will run.
Allowed inputs: positive integers.
   Question #4: "Please input the length of execution time in seconds:"
Here, the user will set how long the screen saver will execute for. Note that 
the unit are seconds.
Allowed inputs: positive integers.
   Question #5: "Would you like to apply your password?"
Here, the user will decide if they wish to apply a password at the end of the 
screen saver execution. If the user has not already set a password earlier, the 
user will require to set a new password.
Allowed inputs: 'y' or 'n'.

After the user has answered all these questions, the screen saver will launch.
*Any other inputs other than the "Allowed inputs" are errortrapped.

INSTRUCTIONS OPTION:
(Here)
In this option, the user will read about how the program will run, and the 
acceptable inputs for each user inputs.



SET PASSWORD OPTION:
In this option, the user will set a new password that may be applied at the end 
of the screen saver.
At first, the user will input a desired password. 
Then, the user will be asked to input the same password again to confirm the 
accuracy of the password.
The password may be consisted of letters, numbers, and/or symbols.
The set password will be encrypted and saved in a file called, 
"User Password.txt".

EXIT OPTION:
In this option, the user will see a farewell message from the program creator
(Danny Shin).
Then, with a press of any key, the program will close.







Password inputs after screen saver:
If the user inputs the incorrect password, a small window will appear, asking if
the user would like to try again.
If the user clicks 'yes', the user will be able to input the password again.
If the user clicks 'no', the user will be lead to the exit option of the
program, since the user is not authorized to access the program.

However, if the user inputs the correct password, the program will return back
to the main menu.

At the end of each screen saver:
The program will return back to the main menu. If the user had applied a
password, the user will need to input the correct password to return.
After returning to the main menu, the user may set another screen saver or
choose another option.






